with a trailer to the cottage
hello everyone i'm victor zinchuk victor
Zinchuk
guitarist honored artist of Russia
summer in the country left to be translated into
cottage stuff trailer great idea but he
it is dangerous and why find out with
kontravariynoy instructor training
alexander want
good morning Sasha to the truck every year
summer residents and lovers of extreme sports
sports
for the first time in the life of the machine does not cling to the trailer
having an idea of ​​how it is
drove dangerously with a trailer when they are not
thunderstorm
but in fact it is not difficult need
just remember that with your trailer
the car is longer still the trailer is prone to
drift
reluctantly stops and may
to harm
but already the car and difficult to say
You can also park the trailer manually.
this trailer starts to carry literally
out of the blue and the driver does not have time
nothing to fix
just 5 seconds and repentant trailer with
load turns over and up to yourself here
this flip why sharply restructured
or even just to the braked skid then
coping is not difficult but i'm not sure what
I can
but now and check which one of you
summer resident go straight ahead you turn and
do not damage your car to the finish
permitted speed of seven hundred meters an hour
I know the least 20 is usually exactly there
okay so all okay dreams
so turn back speed
kestrel format break folded in half
Well, here you go to the dacha wing in
bumper trailer load lost what i did
not so well first of all too much
pressed his left eye to the left and
friend turning a car with a trailer
wider so leave in a turn
lateral spacing is greater that is if
I turn left
I go along the arc to the right and vice versa
there was also a skid he could tip over
yes you performed the most common
the error began to slow down
in turn and the trailer of such maneuvers is not
forgives taking turns with a trailer
need at a stable speed without lowering and
doesn't boost otherwise he will drag you in
side so slowed down and turned a
if after all the trailer starts to wind from
side to side
all you just need to press the gas
enter the turn
click on with no and no drift and
all you do well is that
Anything else you advise beginner
machinists road train keep your distance
many trailers simply do not have brakes
so the braking distance is natural
longer and much and let's check
accelerates to 70 kilometers per hour and
about entry
start to slow down
wow 8 meters difference and remember that
on a car with a trailer you need to brake
smoothly as possible what else for once
ask so go to the turn immediately
applause if your trailer is not
hurry with him you are not a racer
and the gardener go through the turns of the rules
take care of your wings and watch home
road to NTV